<Project Title>
How to use the template
There are many organize and communicate your results. To help ensure your peer-reviewers can accurately grade your report, this report includes the titles for the 4 required sections in Heading 1 style. Each required element for a given section has a Heading 2 area for you to place the final result. 
Make sure to place your required findings in the appropiate area for your peer-reviewer to easily find them.
Also, only the heading titles are present. The script is not broken into sections.
Background and Scope
Import the Data
You may use an import function. If not using an import function, include the code used to import the data (it may be generated from the Import Tool)

Two States Most Impacted by Harvey
Clearly state the two states in order 

Table of Events for Two Most Impacted States
Create and display a few rows of events that include only the two most affected states

Visualizations

Figure of Event Types
Create a figure showing the type and number of occurances for events related to Harvey in the two states

Figure of Event Locations
Show the location of events in the two states. Be sure to use different markers for the two states

Analysis

Three Counties with Most Events in State 1
Either type out, show in a table, or show in a clear visualization the three counties with the most events in state 1.

Three Counties with Most Events in State 2
Either type out, show in a table, or show in a clear visualization the three counties with the most events in state 2.

Three Counties with Highest Property Cost in State 1
Either type out, show in a table, or show in a clear visualization the three counties with the highest reported property cost in state 1. Be sure to include the dollar amount. 

Three Counties with Highest Property Cost in State 2
Either type out, show in a table, or show in a clear visualization the three counties with the highest reported property cost in state 2. Be sure to include the dollar amount. 

Conclusions and Recommendations
Summarize your analysis. Make a recommendation supported by the data.